Adds a custom format loader enabling DataSource plugins (#82)
target/data-validator: README.md

  checks:
```

> #### Custom reader format

Reviewer: I think we should just describe this as access to the core `spark.read` fluent API. With 1:1 fields in YAML, then link directly to data source documentation:
https://spark.apache.org/docs/2.3.1/sql-programming-guide.html#data-sources

> #### Custom reader format
> 
> To validate data loadable by a custom dynamic format reader, use something like this:

Author: ```suggestion
#### Core `spark.read` fluent API

To validate data loadable by the Spark DataFrameReader Fluent API, use something like this:
```
